WARNING: this is mainly out of date.

When the program is running it will perform the following kind of switches:

Digital modulation - a digital channel is switched.
Analog modulation - an analog channel is increased or decreased by a certain amount.
More than one analog modulation may apply to a given physical analog channel.
(Like B and dB, for instance).
Synth amplitude/frequency - most likely will use GPIB, but could be analog/digital if
need be.
Various timing switches - it would be useful to be able to modulate the pulse timings as
a channel. Things like modulating the Q-switch delay a little to change the YAG power
spring to mind. Maybe even modulating the number of pad shots between each real shot would
be nice.
? - ?


Classes:

Waveform code - these describe the switching sequence, and can be used to switch any kind
of modulation.
Analog modulation - this describes a single modulation of an analog channel. It contains the
switching code, the modulation depth, and to which channel the modulation will be applied to.
Analog channel - a channel that can be modulated. An analog channel can be modulated by more
than one analog modulation.
Digital modulation - this describes a single modulation of a digital channel. It contains the
switching code, and to which channel the modulation will be applied to.
Digital channel - not sure whether this class is needed. I'm putting it in for symmetry. It
describes a physical digital channel which can be modulated by a digital modulation.
Timing modulation - a modulation of a timing. Must somehow describe which timing it's
going to modulate !
ShotConfig - a list of point configs will be all that is needed by the acquisititor to generate
a pattern and analog sequences. Each point config describes the state of the experiment for a
particular shot.
EDMConfig - a list of modulations etc. From this a set of point configs are generated.


Implementation:

I'm thinking of something that builds a big list, that, for each point in the block, says
everything there is to know - the states of the digital channels, the value of the analog
channels, the values for all of the timing parameters (including pad shots) [maybe a list
of which software channels will be activated, maybe no need to cache this, not sure].